[Cloudflow 2.0 docs] update home page (#494)
lightbend/cloudflow: docs/homepage-source/docs/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

With its powerful abstractions, Cloudflow allows you to easily define the most complex streaming applications:

* Develop: Focus only on business logic, leave the boilerplate to us.
* Build: We provide a rich development kit for going from business logic to a deployable application.
* Deploy: Cloudflow comes with Kubernetes extensions for the cluster and the client to deploy your distributed system with a single command.

Cloudflow integrates with popular streaming engines like Akka, Spark and Flink. 
It also comes with a powerful CLI tool to easily manage, scale and configure streaming applications at runtime. 
In a nutshell, Cloudflow is an application development toolkit composed of:

* A definition for `Streamlet`, the core component model in Cloudflow.

> * An extensible runtime for `Streamlet`(s) and out-of-the-box implementations for popular streaming runtimes, like Spark's Structured Streaming, Flink, and Akka.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An extensible runtime for `Streamlet`(s) and out-of-the-box implementations for popular streaming runtimes, like Spark Structured Streaming, Flink, and Akka Streams.
```

Author: I think we had Akka Streams before and Craig asked to make it just "Akka". 
WDYT @RayRoestenburg @longmuir ?

* A `Streamlet` composition model driven by a `blueprint` definition.
* A _sandbox_ local execution mode that accelerates the development and testing of your applications without requiring a cluster.
* A set of `sbt` plugins that are able to package your application into deployable units.
* The Cloudflow operator, a Kubernetes operator that manages the application lifecycle on Kubernetes.

> * A CLI, in the form of a `kubectl plugin`, that facilitates manual, scripted, and automated (CI/CD)management of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A CLI, in the form of a `kubectl plugin`, that facilitates manual, scripted, and automated (CI/CD) management of the application.
```
